d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\OdataSample.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\OdataSample.pdb
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\Microsoft.OData.Core.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\Microsoft.OData.Edm.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\Microsoft.Spatial.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\System.Spatial.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\System.Web.OData.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\Microsoft.OData.Core.xml
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\Microsoft.OData.Edm.xml
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\Microsoft.Spatial.xml
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\System.Spatial.xml
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\System.Web.OData.xml
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\de\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\es\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\fr\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\it\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\ja\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\ko\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\ru\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\de\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\es\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\fr\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\it\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\ja\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\ko\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\ru\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\de\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\es\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\fr\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\it\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\ja\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\ko\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\ru\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\obj\Debug\OdataSample.dll
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\obj\Debug\OdataSample.pdb
d:\users\djogihal\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OdataSample\OdataSample\obj\Debug\OdataSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
